this is the Lenovo why for 10 P and it's
a very nice design attractive design but
not too flashy so the build quality is
good when you open up the display the
hinges have a good resistance and
they'll feel like they'll last for a
long time and the hand rest area is
brushed aluminum and the screen doesn't
flex much it flex a little bit but in
after notice in regular use and the lid
is matte plastic so it won't attract
fingerprints or anything and the bottom
is the is plastic but just textured
plastic and this is a large metal heat
vent and overall the chassis is stiff
and the build quality is really good so
in the front you got the card reader and
your lights power battery and touchpad
and caps and on this side you got a
large exhaust vent your charger vga
Ethernet HDMI USB 3.0 and on the other
side I got a Ultra Bay DVD Drive USB 2.0
another USB 2.0 microphone input and
headphone input
and you know there's nothing in the back
so the keyboard as the keyboards really
nice as a nice comfortable and the keys
are well spread apart and it's backlit
to any as these red accents - and the
touchpad it's not as bad as everyone
says is I only use the multi-touch so I
had disable everything else and it works
fine me nice size - and for my display I
have 1600 by 900 display and very nice
but I wish they made the bezel a little
bit thinner because they could have foot
fit of fattiness display on this the
performance is very good as a Intel Core
i7 fourth-generation and NVIDIA GeForce
750 and graphics and I and it handles
video editing and gaming really well and
full of storage you just have to take
off some screws over here and then the
hard drives over here in a cage and it
came with one terabyte 5400 rpm hard
drive but I just installed
I just cloned the drive in installed on
my solid-state drive and it's really
fast
and so for the emissions the air for the
processor and the main processor in the
graphics card its sucked up there's a
fan over here and it doesn't really get
that very loud when at full speed and it
cools very well
the highest I've seen the temperature is
77 degrees Celsius and now as while
doing heavy gaming for a long time and
if you can see over here as a copper
heat vents over here inside the speakers
are surprisingly good on this laptop see
over here you can see that as also as
red accents give the speaker and the two
speakers can get pretty loud and fill up
the room and the bass is pretty good too
and I and I play games and watch movies
on it but I had to seize my surround
sound anyway and the battery life it's
it's about four hours but there's no
optimist on this machine so you always
be running the GeForce graphics so
that's why you get the low battery life
but I always carry on the charger anyway
so it doesn't matter for me and here's
the charger if you wanted to see it's
it's kind of big since the graphics card
uses lots of power but it's not as big
as like other gaming laptops and it's
pretty portable I can fit in my bag
easily and it adds some weight but it's
not so bad but the Lenovo IdeaPad Y 410
pete's a very good laptop I'd recommend
it and this is the 14 inch one and if
you want a matte display lid
then and 14-inch then get the Y for 10 P
but if you want a 15-inch and aluminum
display lid then get the y510p but
overall it's it's really good fast great
bad qualities built built stiff like a
tank okay and thanks for watching this